Documentation/operation docs rework (#3074)
scality/metalk8s: docs/operation/volume_management/volume_creation_deletion_gui.rst

Volume Management Using the UI
==============================

> This topic describes how to create and delete a MetalK8s volume

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic describes how to create and delete a Volume
```

Author: I'm keeping the MetalK8s mention so far, but it's a relevant point that will need to be further discussed 😉 Should we keep the mention of the product to have a distinction between a MetalK8s Volume and an X-Core one for instance? Depending on how the doc for Next Gen will be presented...

Reviewer: Indeed, something to discuss in another context. But I think this documentation should not be concerned about disambiguation with external projects (we may need to disambiguate between plain K8s and Metal-specific details).

using the MetalK8s UI.

Requirements
------------

- StorageClass objects must be registered in your cluster to create

>   volumes. For more information refer to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Volumes. For more information refer to
```

>   :doc:`/operation/volume_management/storageclass_creation`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :doc:`./storageclass_creation`.
```

Volume Management using the UI
==============================

> This section describes how to create and delete a MetalK8s **Volume**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section describes how to create and delete a MetalK8s volume
```

> using the MetalK8s **UI**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
using the MetalK8s GUI.
```
(unless the UI is a command line)

.. important::

>    **StorageClass** objects must be registered in your cluster to create

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   StorageClass objects must be registered in your cluster to create
```

>    volumes. For more information refer to :doc:`/operation/volume_management/storageclass_creation`.

Reviewer 2: change :doc: to a :ref:.

Creating a Volume
-----------------

.. note::

   To access the MetalK8s UI, refer to
   :ref:`this procedure <installation-services-admin-ui>`.

> #. Click **Nodes** on the sidebar to access the Node list.

Reviewer 3: We would need to update the screenshots are they are not completely different. The workflow remains valid though ...
You can use the following URL to make screenshots: https://10.200.6.104:8443/nodes/jhkj/volumes

    .. image:: /operation/volume_management/img/node_list.png

#. From the Node list, select the node you want to create
   a volume on.

    .. image:: /operation/volume_management/img/all_nodes.png

#. Go to the **Volumes** tab.

    .. image:: /operation/volume_management/img/node_detail.png

> #. Click **+** on the top right corner to create a volume.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Click **+** in the top right corner to create a volume.
```

    .. image:: /operation/volume_management/img/create_volume.png

#. Fill in the respective fields.

    .. image:: /operation/volume_management/img/volume_creation.png

    - **Name**: Denotes the volume name.

>     - **Labels**: A set of key/value pairs that are used by Persistent Volume Claims to select the right Persistent Volumes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **Labels**: A set of key/value pairs used by PersistentVolumeClaims to select the right PersistentVolumes.
```

>     - **Storage Class**: Refers to :doc:`/operation/volume_management/storageclass_creation`.

Reviewer 2: (global) change :doc: references to :ref:.

>     - **Type**: MetalK8s currently only supports **RawBlockDevice** and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **Type**: MetalK8s currently only supports RawBlockDevice and
```

>       **SparseLoopDevice**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      SparseLoopDevice.
```

    - **Device path**: Refers to the path of an existing storage device.

#. Click **Create** on the bottom right corner.

   .. image:: /operation/volume_management/img/test_volume.png

>    A new volume should be listed in the **Volume list**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The new volume is listed in the **Volume list**.
```

    .. image:: /operation/volume_management/img/volume_created.png

#. Click any volume in the Volume list to see more information about it
   in the Volume detail view.

    .. image:: /operation/volume_management/img/volume_detail.png

Delete a Volume
---------------

> #. From the Volume listing view, click the trash icon on the top right corner.

Reviewer 2: Is this the **Volume list** view mentioned in the preceding procedure?
